---
title: 11:49:00pm
date: "2022-01-25"
description: Opening The Other Side
---

"You heard this sound?" He asked.
<br />
"Do you think he cares about who is below him?" He questioned again.
<br />
"Well, I think I might focus on something else instead of these useless questions, never help me to pay my bills.", he proposed.
<br />
Ryan, a 19 years old junky, living away from his parents for four years now.
His habit of wireheading left him alone. All his so-called friends left him saying he's on his useless mode in life. According to his cousins and siblings, he'll regret what he had been missing in the last four years.
<br />
Last night on 31 Dec Eve, he drunk a lot of whiskies and smoked some weed. His hair is infrequently crying for a cut. His pale eyes, which are staring at the sky, seem more salient than ever now. His ears are filled with awesome music from the cosmos. While sitting on his balcony alone at his saket house, his head began to stagnate against a stream of thoughts. A peaceful shout of slang benchod, making the matter worse. Now his friends start to leave for their home and ask Ryan if he needs something or someone's company. But he denied the same as he was doing for the last couple of years. The city is on yellow alert because of the corona crisis, yet you can go out and hang out. Now he is alone with his head talking to himself about himself. Nobody knows if this person is suffering from bipolar or going through any other clinical matter but he never smiles. Or he forgets to smile. Earlier, with his friends, he tried to talk about his head but his burdened intellect ordered him negatively with a statement of, "they wouldn't understand.". 
His eyes are becoming duller as he looks towards the sky. His imagination began to dance with the night sky. The space shuttles are starting to leave for the International Space Station. People are coming out of their house and leaving for Spencer. On checking his phone indicates Spencer is some 40 million miles from his house. Our technocrat remains silent. "What is the point?" then a thought stating follows, "What is the point of technology? On the other side it puts people on God's seat. And on the other extreme It is the reason behind the vanishing of past civilizations.".

Then a quote from White Noise follows, "Technology is the lust removed from Nature." puts a smile on his reluctant jaws. Slowly fog began to disappear and his head became light weighted as fur. The increasing sound of silence and chilly winter wind providing the great joy and white noise Indicates He starting to become Sustainer porting as God.
<br />
Nonetheless, the night will end so what, the one can hack biology and stay young forever. He can even alter the time frame between the dimensions of time and space. But he doesn't care, love or respect. He is just part of the dust in this world because this is what he had asked the Universe to do.

 
Adhrit singing out
